hey guys whats up this is my first video
ever posted on youtube so i don't know
why i really wanted to download ethos
world and it was really hard for me to
figure out and i finally got it so i
just wanted to post a video on how to
download his world and it's not that
hard it's really easy so yeah so what
you do first is that you type in ethos
lab 215 sorry guys I kind of missed up
with something yeah I'm really sorry
okay so once when you get that you will
see ethos play minecraft etho etho plays
minecraft episode 215 snapshot yeah ah
then you click on it um so in the future
i will be posting a video i mean i will
be doing an LP series a multiplayer I've
been playing this I've been playing this
server for a very long time I really
wanted to do a YouTube video on it I'm
sure the owner would be very happy that
I'm doing a YouTube video on a server
its philosophy craft it's real it's a
really fun server staff is nice and the
people are nice yeah so now what you
want to do is go to show more I'm so
sorry my computer is messed up go to
world download 214
fill out to load okay so once or need
download it you'll see this click
download and you should see a 7-zip 7
zip folder or Renoir i'm using Renoir so
yeah I'm going to go ahead and download
it yeah see music okay so once when you
download it on you will see 7-zip when
we are thing open it up and you should
should see ethos LP should say that
sorry about that something came up um so
yeah you should see this then what you
want to do next is open up run type in %
@ % click OK don't minecraft and go down
your saves right here okay so then
you're going to want to go on to your
anar and click and drag into your saves
in fact download so yeah the video
should be on later on in tomorrow or
tonight sometime of the server I'm doing
if nobody's I'm so sorry about that guys
um like I have two little sisters who is
so annoying it was sold out so you might
hear up during the video yeah so once we
do you'll see ethos LP XM off if you
want and I open minecraft and I will be
right there I'm so sorry about all that
guys I really did not mean to some keeps
coming up um so now once when you let's
just stick what's on here alright so now
let's when you um get the ethos world
you won't open up your minecraft I'm
gonna be open up the mic often I'll see
you in a sec alright so once when you
get into your minecraft click click
single player and you should see you
thurs LP I'm so wanting to go um Ethan's
world you will spawn in the stronghold
by the monster thing where he were they
all jumped down and did I
really do not know how to find the man
hub so his song can please post a
comment um down there and i will i'll be
so happy just please please please um do
that alright guys well i gotta go pee so